DOCSUP-778 (#111)
BayoNet/ClickHouse: docs/en/sql-reference/functions/random-functions.md

## randConstant {#randconstant}

Produces a constant column with a random value.

> The function is intended for service purposes.

Reviewer: Let's delete it. I asked developers, they don't know why it is the "service" function.

**Syntax**

``` sql

> randConstant(x)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
randConstant([x])
```

```

**Parameters**

> -   `x` — optional expression. Its value is ignored and used only for [Common Subexpression Elimination](index.md#common-subexpression-elimination).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `x` — [Expression](../syntax.md#syntax-expressions) resulting in one the [supported data types](../data-types/index.md). Its value is used for bypassing [common subexpression elimination](index.md#common-subexpression-elimination) if the function is called multiple times in one query. Optional parameter.
```

**Returned value**

-   Pseudo-random number.

Type: [UInt32](../data-types/int-uint.md).

> **Examples**

Reviewer: I think we need to emphisize difference with `rand`, and provide one comparative example, like ` SELECT rand(), rand(1), rand(number), randConstant(), randConstant(1), randConstant(number) FROM numbers(3)`. All other examples are covered by this one.
